update to v2.16.0 of pulumi-terraform-bridge (#1267)
pulumi/pulumi-aws: CHANGELOG.md

=========

## HEAD (Unreleased)

> * Upgrade to v2.15.2 of pulumi-terraform-bridg

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Upgrade to v2.16.0 of pulumi-terraform-bridge
```

?
